Heyy
heyyy
How are you? 
good ^_^u?asl? im 14 in meriden
I'm good to thanx for asking juss relaxing watching some espn lol and I'm 21.. Lol In Naugatuck
ohhh thts cool
Ohh so that doesn't bother ya that I'm lil older? 
And well what are you up to Hun? Enjoying nice weather today?
no idc haha n ya I was playin bball earlier..i might take a bike ride
Haha well that's good beautiful! and I was doing lot of yard work earlier mowling the lawn and stuff bored now looking for something else to do it's to nice to stay in :/ lol
I jus got back from my bike ride n now im tired haha
Ohh haha niceeee did ya have fun tho?
ya it was fun!do u got yahoo messenger?idk how much ima bet on thi site but im usually on yahoo
Noo I don't sorry I have like kik and stuff tho do you have that?
noo I don't have a smart phone download the yahoo messenger app lol
Lol Kk give me a few
kk add me when u get it 
Alright I got it I'll add ya cutie 
Kk you get my message?
no
did u send it to 
Opps left one z out sorry haha
Heyy

hiii
Heyy found ya lol what upps
Think I send message to someone wrong earlier lol
haha there probly guna be lik wtf :P
Lol yeah prob
So what are you up tooo
jus relaxin..u?
I'm out at one of my cousins friends house having a few drinks :p it's the weekend gotta enjoy haha
Soo what are you doing today any other plans?
wht kinda drinks
i dont think so
Few beers and stuff lol does that bother ya? And I'm prob juss gonna be here to nothing really else to do
y would tht bother me haha..i never drank alcohol..is it fun?
Idk cutie haha and yeahh it's fun like I'm not drinking to get wasted or anything tho juss to relax and have some fun

ohhhh..i acnt wait il im allowed to drink it lol
Heyy still on sorry my phone died :/
ohhhh kk
Yeah sorry cutie lol wyd now
Miss me? :p
jus relaxin n duhhh :P
u miss me?
Of course cutie :*
How could I not lol :)
:P
Lol soo tell me a lil more about yourself beautiful like what you like to do for fun types of musics fav kind of musics ya know things like that :)
i like ridin my bike takin walks playin bball shoppin :P
country my fav music but i like pop to
Haha of course ya do :p and ehh not a fan of country but if listen to it juss for youuawww ^_^
i love it lol
Lol :)
Sooo are you single and looking beautiful or juss single juss wondering! ;p
single n w/e hahaha
Haha :p I seee well would you say I'm your type beautiful :p
u seem cool so far :P
Haha well glad ya think so beautiful :p you seem cool so far to^_^
Heheidkkk lol
Lol :p
:P
Your to cuuuteThink you could send me a pic of youu cutiekk h.o
I willur turn :P
So cuuuuteit didnt work
n ty :)
I sent to did you get any of them beautiful?
Two*
it wont workkkkk
How bout now boo?
jus send it to my email *email edited*
Ohh okay boo one sec
kk
Okayy I sent it to ya beautiful tell me when ya get it lol
kk h.o lemme check
didnt get it yet
Well I sent it cutie lol
u sure u sent it to the right email 
Least I think I sent it right it's *email edited*
u forgot the e in lizziE lol
Lol hang one
On*
kk
Okay get it it now
lemme check
got em
cute :)
Thanx boo :*
:)
Ughh finally homee lol
where were u
I was still at my cousins friends house having some drinksind lol
ohhh haha
Im home now tho on my bed :p should come cuddle up beautiful bout to put on some Netflix ;) :p
wht u guna watch
n i cant drive :(
Hmm idk yet boo let's say whatever you'd wanna watch beautiful :*And ik boo :/ wish ya couldd
Oh well lol can you FaceTime out Skype or whatever? :p
no i dont have a webcam :(
Aww :/ oh well
hey ima get off here..ill be on tomorrow probly
Aww nooo lol
Can't ya stay lil longer cutiee?
lol ill be on tomorrow promise!
Aww :( okayyy then beautiful
Talk to youu tmokk byeeee
Byee Gnightt
gniteee
Heyy good morningggood mornin ^_^
(: what's up beautiful juss wake up? :p
ya u?
Lol noooo I was up earlyy I'm out getting some stuff for a barbecue with the family for Mother's Day and youu watcha up too?
yummm i love cookouts :P i jus made my mom breakfast
Haha me toooofrench toast bacon n hashbrowns 
Ohh yumm lol and sorry I was drivin getting some stuff soo watcha spun for the rest of the day??idk i think goin to my gmas later
Nicee niceeyaaaa
(:
Sorry it's been taking me forever to respond tho cutie I've been running around all over the place :/ lol finnaly starting the barbecue now tho so i can respond quicker :p
haha kk wht u makin
Oh pretty much everything lol burgers, hot dogs getting some steaks in there to haha having some drinks with the fam all funyummmmmm!!
Yupphaha r u a good cook?:)
Haha on the grill yess :p but overall hmm I'm kinda ok still learning tho beautiful lol what about youu?ya :P my aunts r all real good cooks n they taught me
Ohh haha niceehaha kk :P wht do u like
Ohh well I loveeee sea food :D but if you can make a lasagna that's the way to my heart :p hehe
hahaha i can make lasagna but i make it a diff way then most people..theres not a lot of tomato sauce in the kind i make
Lol well I love lasagna so I'm down to try any kind :p
haha kk!
Lol you'll get a big kiss as a reward ;) :p haha
hahaha yayyy :P
Hehe ;) your to cute :p
:P
Hehe :) so what would you say is the best thing you can make?
hmmmm lol
do u like spicy food
hey im goin to my gmas now ill ttyl byeee
Yess I doo and aww okayy message me later then beautiful I'll miss ya :p
:)
Heyy I miss ya :/ lol
hiii
Heyy youuwyd
What's upp cutie how was grandmas house? Lol and I'm just getting ready to go outt and youu
it was ok lol where u goin
I'm going to the bar lol why are you up too?
nothinnn
lucky :(
Lol yeahh I'll bring ya with me sometime tho if you'd like cutie there pretty lenient to the bae I go to :p
Don't check crap especially if im ordering haha
really?i never drank before n tht sounds fun!!!
Yess lol and yeahh it's fun beautiful il show ya good time :) haha whatever you want one mee if I take yaa :p
:D
Hehe yeah :)
Soo wyd cutie?
watchin vid on youtube haha u?
Still at the bar :p wish you could be here
i wunaaaaa
Me tooooo boo
Lol soo did ya miss me today at all? :p
maybe a lil bit ;) :P
did u miss meeeee
Of course I did boo even said I did earlier Remeber :p
Baby still up?
yaaa lol
Watcha doing baby
I'm hardd as fuckk lol

Meant drubk lol sorry Well not anymore tho hangover is real :(
Lol
haha i take it u had a fun nite
Haha yess I did :p
lucky :(
is it fun to get drunk lol
Lol and yess it's fun like just to get drunk for no reason noo but when you got all your Friends having a good time yeah it's funni wish i was old enough lol it sounds fun
It iss cutie one day well go :p
where
Idk somewhere lol
it aint workin..yahoo sucks
Ik nvr send my pics :/ for some reason when u send it, works tho lol
it worked..cuted ;)
cute*
Oh yaySend me another one of youu Hun?Cuuuutey ^_^
ty*
Welcomeedoin some more hw
Ewwy hw :p so u said have no phone right?
ya i got a phone lol
jus not a smart phone
Ohh lol :p
yaaa lol y
Juss wondering cutie lol
Does it have texting? Lol
duh lol
i jus dont have pic messaging
Well idk :p lol
Where do u use yahoo messaging from then your laptop?
Surprised people still use this tbh lol
ya i do lol
Ohh :p
So what else are you doing today any planss?
nope lol
u got any plans
Hmmm no think I'm just prob going to the gym later and even kinda debating tht lol
I'm so tired :/ juss wanna stay in my bed should come cuddle up cutie watch some movies with me :* lol
haha tht sounds like fun but i cant drive silly :P
Ik :/ that's sucks lol don't even think can really ever pick you up either doubt your parents would be okay since I'm older haha
i only live w my mom n ya she wouldnt like tht lol..she works 2nd shift tho so udually when i get home from school she aint here
Haha :p and ohh so she gets home like what 11 that's gotta suck tho you barely see your mom on week days huh
Soo do you get lot of messages on that site we met on? Lol your pretty cuute so bet ya do haha
she gets home around like 10:15 n i didnt have it tht long lol it got deleted
i tried loggin in n it said wrong pw so i hit forgot pw n it said my account didnt exist 
Oh whaa that's crazy lol weird sure you didn't delete by accident? Lol
im positive lol
maybe someone told tht i was 14 or somethin cus i put it in my profile..idkkkk
Ohhh true could be lol
i didnt kno how to really work tht site neways lol
Well glad met ya before it got deleted lolMe being bored lol
aint workin again lol
Did it work now? Lol
ya lol :)
Wish you could be here cuddling up lonely by myself :p
Laying right here on top ;) :p
hehehe u lieee
Not at all cutie would love it laying right here on top watching a movie with meee ;) would be funn hehe
Come on know you'd like it too ;) haha :)
i cant drive silly
Haha I'm not saying for you to drive silly I'm saying if you could you would wouldn't ya? :)
And who know id maybe give ya a kiss or two as well ;) :p hehe
ya i would come if u wanted me to :P n maybe id give ya a kiss or two back :P
Hehe of course I'd want u to and that sounds gooood love kisses :p
hehehe me tooooo :)
Are you a good kisser cutiee? :*
my ex bf told me i was ^_^
Mmm I see hmm idk have to find out myself tho Gotta give ya a few to try out ya know :p hehe you do have some nice lips give ya tht ;)
How many bfs have you ever had Hun?
ty :D i had 2 tht count i guess lol
Welcomee ;) and ohh I see I see :p
Do you like neck kisses to? ;) ;p
Or have you ever had some? :p
Any*
ya those r my fav kind lmao
Ohhh mm goodLovee giving and getting them
They turn me on a lot tho.. You start kissing my neck or I start kissing your neck my hands start to "wander" lol
haha oh yaaa?wht ya mean by tht :P
Haha yess and ohh you known like if kissing your neck hands might start wandering around giving your booty few squuezes and stuff or to some other spots :p ;) well long as you wouldn't mind cuz if you didn't want that then I'd keep me under control haha
Them*
i wouldnt mind ^_^
Ohh hehe yay ;)
Then I'd be squuezing and giving that booty few slaps :p hehe anywhere they can't go tho lol
omg u would slap it!?tht would hurt haha
A light slap would feel good don't worry :p
as long as its light lmao
Lmao it would be don't worry so anywhere the hands can't wander to thk?
tho* :p
wht u mean
Cuz i said my hands wander silly but i don't want them wandering to anywhere where you wouldn't like it ya know :p :)
where u think i wouldnt like lol
Lol okayy
You can't vid chat right?
huh?wht u mean okayy i was askin u a question lol
nooo i cant :(
Ohh lol and hmm your boobs? :p and damn :/
sounds good to me :)hehe
Hehe :) how bout like I'm kissing you and your neck and stuft and start to rub your inner thigh slowly moving it up would you mind that? Hehe
i wouldnt mind ^_^
Mmm hehe ;)
:)
Talking bout all this kissing madee really wanna give you some right now :)
:-* lol
HahaSoo you said you had two bfs before what's been the longest relationship you've had?
like 5 months
we woulda probly lasted longer but he cheated on me so i dumped him
Aww I'm sry beautiful :/ yeah that's bad cheaters are no good your sweet girl deserve better :*
ya i hate cheaters
Me tooo lol
What's the furthest you've ever gone with them before tho.. Well if you don't mind me asking cutie lol
wht u mean the furhest i gone?
Like just kissing or you know lol
idk wht u mean lol
Your really gonna make me say it huh lol I mean like did you guys ever do anything sexual or was it jut kissing haha that's why I said you son have to answer if you don't want to tho
ohhhh haha..i pretty much did everything lol
Ohh haha ;) well then
:P
wht bout u
Pretty much the same boo did everything :p
Soo do you like have a fav thing you like to do or like getting done to you? Hehe
maybeee maybee nottt :P hahaha
Haha nahh that's a yess ;) could tell me then I'll thenn you mine :p
its a secret ^_^
Tell*
Hmm give me a hint! :0
:p*
nahhhhh hahaha
Haha
im kinda shy bout tht stuff lol
Think ik what tho
haha no need to be shy boo but if you don't wanna answer don't have to i was really juss wondering :p :)
haha wht do u think it is
Hmm getting eaten out? ;) :p
howd u kno lmfao
Haha seeeee ;D I'm goood like that :p hehe
hahahai guess so :P
An that's actually one of my favs things to do ;) I'm a giver hehe :p
ohhhh it is?:">
Mhm it isss boo hmm who know since you love it maybe I'll eat you all upp nice an goood hehe ;) :) :p
ur probly lyin :P
No wayy I'm serious I love doing it boo long as your nice and shaved down there hehe I'll eat you all uppp :p ;) finger a lil to hehehe
i shave lol if i dont it gets all itchy...n idk if i believe u lmao
What that's it's one of my favs things or that I wouldn't eat you out? Lol
And I like it nicee and shaved hehe :p
idk if i believe u tht u would eat me out lol
I would boo I'm serious lol I'm honestly getting lil turned on juss thinking bout it :p bet you taste goood ;) hehe ^__^ eat it all upp lick it and suck it finger it here and there to :p would you like that?
yaaaa ^_^
Hehe mmm good
:):D
I'm lil turned on right now lol
Now I wanna eat you out grrr :p
me too hahaha
Haha what else do you like cutie any fav positions? :p and ohh is that sohaha hopefully mom dont see me cus im lookin at the comp jus smilin lmao
Haha yeah don't let her see :p and I thought she worked right now?
shes part time so she dont work everyday
Ohh I see :p
yaaaa
Does she check your convos and stuff boo? :p
hell no lol she dont even kno the pw to my laptop
Haha goood well maybe one day when she working we ca hang boo then I'll keep my promise eat ya all upp long as ya want hehe
i think shes workin wednesday lol
:p
im not positive tho
Well find out and then let me know boo :* so what about me tho what do I get? :p
wht would u want haha
Idk what can I pick? :p
idk lmao
Hmm blowjob
:p
hmmmmmmmmmm
Don't have to if you don't want to hmm handjob? Lol
i can give a blowjob i guessssss haha :P
Hehe mmm yayi dont mind it lol
Hehe :p have you ever swallowed? Or would you ever haha
i did a couple times but it wasnt my fav lol
Ohh lol :p do you a have a fav position or anything and if you give me a blowjob and I eat you out were both prob gonna be really hornyy haha should I bring protection just in case lol
protection?n no i dont really have a fav position lol
Like condom or something? :p
And ohhh so I can pick wooo haha
ya youd def have to use a condom!my mom would seriously kill me if i got prego
where would we go?
We couldn't stay at your house if she's not home? And I mean there is my car lol we could go like a quite spot any around there where you live? :p
And ill bring it then :)
id be scared if my neighbor seen a weird car there shed call my mom or somethin..n u think ur car would be safe enough?im scared bout someone seein or somethin
That's trueee your right and yess my window are kinda tinted so can't really see through backseat windows lol it's a big car to :*
if ur positive nobody can see ^_^
I ammm boo :) after I eat you get you nice and wett mmm think imma have you sit facing me and ride me on the back seat boo boucing up and down hardd on my dickk ;) :p im so turned on hehe
me to hahaha
:)
it didnt work :( send to my email *email edited*
Let me try again boo one sec
kk
didnt work
send to my emaillll
Got this big bulge in my boxers right now cuz thinking bout ya ;) :p it was a pic of that lol
Are you wet at all? :p
guess ur not guna send it?n maybe a lil :P
I am sending it now boo hehe and mmm good ;)
kk ^_^
Okay sent it boo :p
kk h.o lemme see
Gonna see how hard I am right now haha
Did ya get it? :p
ya hehehe :D
Hehe like it?
That's what your gonna be getting boo ;) hehe
lmao!:)
:) lol
Sooo watcha doingg cutie watcha thinking bout :p
how excited i am to meet u :Dhaha
Hehe me to cutieShould be funnn and exciting :p hehe :)
ya im exited ^_^
Can't wait to give ya some hugs kisses all that good stuff :p :)
me either :)
Am I gonna be oldest guy you've ever gotten with boo!? :p
ya lol
y
Juss wondering :*
:-*
lol
You'll def be the youngest for me :p can I ask something tho I'm pretty big and thick boo I'll show you if you want think you'll be able to handle it are you really tight? :p
idk if i am or not hahaha n kk!
Sure you can like see how many fingers you can fit it boo :p that's how you tell lol
An you wanna see?
if u wuna show me :D
Nope gotta tell me yes or no ;)
i told uuuu
I'm teasing boo lol and one sec ;)
kk ^_^
Get it boo? Hehe
it aint workin
send it to my email again lol
Grr lol I will
stupid yahoo X-(
Okayy sent it :*
kk lemme check
Its a lil dark but you can see how thick it is boo let me know what you think hehe ;)
i got it :D
its a lot bigger then my ex!
Hehe so guessing you like it?ya ;)
hey i gotta get off here for a lil bit..r u guna be on a lil later
Hehe good all for youu ;) and yess I will be bookk byeee
Bye see talk to ya in a bithiii
Heyy beautiful :)
I missed ya took ya so long :p
sry lol had to eat dinner n take a shower
Im just teasing boo :p watcha have for dinner? And a showerr could have invited meeee to join ;) lol :d
teriaki chicken n rice..n haha sry :P
i wuna hear wht u sound like lol
Mmm yummy :p and hehe its okayy and suree boo :)
Wanna like talk on the phone or something can I call through yahoo chat lol
whts ur # my mom went outside n is arguin w her bf on the phone so i cant talk long
It's *edited* boo
Hurry :p wanna hear you to lol
:p lol
haha wht :P
Almost got caught :p
Lol did she say anything?
no lol she didnt even kno i was on the phone
Ohh haha goodhaha u sound cute to n me either :D
(: hehe I try I try boo :p and have any more pics of youu I can see?! Your to cuuuute hehe want more
lol look at the pics on my fb 
Lol to much workk :p just send me some here or through email boo (: if you have any sexxy ones send those to ;) haha
:)
im to lazyyyyy 
Come onnnn :p pweesee lol
Do it for meee bae lol
brb
Okayybackkk
Where'd ya go boo :p
mom wanted to talk to me
Ohh everything okay?
ya lol she was jus talkin bout school
Oh okay lol so watcha doing now cutie? :)
on fb n talkin to u lol
u?
Still juss laying down on my bed and talking to youits fun talkin to u to ^_^
Imma kiss ya non stop lol :)
:):):)
:* wish you could be here right now boo
i wish toooooo :(
im gettin sleepy
Aww want me to let you go then boo?
yaaa i think ima go to bed
u can text me tomorrow if u want or i can jus talk to u on here when i get home from school
Okayy boo :* gnight sweet dreams can't wait to see you and you text me in the morning :* lolkk gniteee ^_^
Heyy you morningg (: 
hiii good morning ^_^ 
:) what's upp beautiful?? 
sittin in class u? 
Ohh that's fun lol what class? And I'm at workk :/ have been since 4am im so tired ughh :/ haha 
art haha..n omg since 4!?y so early lol 
Lol yeahh :/ I'm so tired can't wait to go home ughh 3 more hours tho and nicee art was pretty cool I could nvr draw to save my life tho haha 
And it's just once a week out store gets shipment of new products and the delivery just happens to be really early and someone needs to be here to help unload and stock the store up lucky me huh :p lol 
well at least u don't got much longer to go!wht time u usually work? 
I know so happyy :) lol and my schedule is all over the place pretty muh changes from week to week like ik tmo I'm working at 5 and then 5 again Thursday Friday and the weekend I'm off (: 
5 in the morning!?wht time do u get done 
No 5pm lol and get out 9:15ishh 
ohhh haha thts a lot better then in the morning lol 
Haha oh yeah what time you usually get out of school? :) 
around 2 
Nicee nicee I'll be home by then prob chilling on my couch relaxing haha wanna maybe talk on the phone a lil again today beautiful? (: 
my phones prepaid n I don't have a lot of mins left :( 
Ohh okay :/ oh well it's okayy then (: 
sryyy 
Lol it's ok :p soo how's school going? :) 
boring as usual lol 
Aww I'm sowwy :p lol 
Woo finally homee soo tired :/ lol 
u guna take a nap?:P 
Lol hmm idk prob not boo and then if I did to wouldn't be able to talk to you more when your home :p 
awww ^_^ 
Hehe :* I missed ya was thinking bout ya :) miss me at all? :p 
duhhh :) 
Hehe yay :* :) 
Your getting out soon right?? 
yep yeppp 
Niceee gonna be doing anything today? Or juss chilling boo? :) lol 
I kinda wuna take a bike ride since its nice out :) 
Yess it's pretty good out :) and def enjoy it cutie cuz after today supposed to be cloudy and rainy pretty much up till Saturday :/ lol 
really!?:'( 
Yeahh :/ I was just checking the weather and that what it was sayingg 
Sooo I'm bored :/ lol 
haha y don't u do somethin :P 
Lol I'm juss sitting outside now listening to some music relaxing welcome to join me boo :) haha you go on your bike ride yet? 
haha I wish I could :P n no I haven't yet 
Me too would have had sit right here on my lap and chill with me :* hehe and wish I had a bike i miss riding it lol 
hehe ^_^ n y don't u get another one lol 
Youd get some kisses to :* hehe and just cuz I don't have money for one right now :/ ill get another one, one day tho lol :) 
What kind of bike do you have? :) 
ohhh I seeee..n its a huffy 
Cool cool :) 
I'm like hungry to but have no idea what I want to eat... The struggle lol :p 
my moms makin spaghetti tonight 
Yumm! Making some for me to tightt :p :) lol jk jk 
Rightt* 
haha ya righttt 
Hehe :p 
Soo how's your bike ride? :) 
jus got back :) ima get online in a min 
ok boo :) 
heyyy
Heyy cutieewht ya doin
Watcha doingg
haha
jus got home
Lol :p funny how we both asked almost same time and I'm juss chilling in my room now no till I go to the gym later have fun on your bike ride?ya it was fun n today i jus rode around on the street pretty much everywhere haha
Haha nicee :) well i like that tho you stay active no wonder you keep such a nice lil bodyy ;) hehe :p
hehe :D
guess wht
Hehe big plus :p and hmmm what? :)
my mom works tomorrow ^_^
Ohh niceee :D
yaaaa....
What's wrong boo? :/
nothin?lol
Idk you just put yaaa... Lol
But anywayss hmm so think we can hang tmo then so can finnaly give ya lots of kisses :* hehe
haha yaaaa :D
Hehe ready to get eaten out like I promised yaaa?? ;) haha
yaaa ^_^ :">
u sure no one is guna see us in ur car
Mmm goodAnd I'm positive boo :)
idk haha whenever it gets like stubbles
And haha ok well how is it right now then nice and smooth? ;)
lil stubbly lol but ill shave tonight :)
Hehe okay boo :) I'm excited like do you moan loud at all? :p
And can i make a suggestion? Lol
sure lol
Do you ever wear skirts boo?
ya when its warm out i do sometimes
Maybe should wear one might make it lil Easier ill just lay you down spread those legs pull those panties out and eat you upp ;) while not fully taking your skirt off tho ya know :p
Down*
hahaha i will if its warm out tomorrow :D
Hehe okay :p and where would you want me to pick you upp like at your house or you want me to pick you up from another spot lol
i dont think u should at my house cus of our nosey freakin neighbor..
hmmmmm
do u kno where holy angels church is?i live by tht n i could walk there
Nooo but I have gps on my phone boo I'll just look it up :) and sounds gooood now do you know like quite spot we can go to? Where we would get no interruption :p
kk..n not really but we can prob find one haha
Haha truee :p
r u sure no one can see in
im nervous lol
Positive boo :* my like back windows are tintedkk..ima make u get in the back n ima stand on the outside to make sure lmao :P
lol like only if you press your face up against the window or get really close you'll see something but even then it fully and besides If it's a quite spot won't have to worry bout that boo :p
i guesss haha
But I'll do it whatever makes you comfortable <3
wht kinda car is it so i kno wht to look for
:)
awww ty ^_^
It's ford Explorer silver and well you'll have your phone on you right I can just call you :p
When I'm there lol
u gotta text me cus im real low on mins until next week
Ohh okayy I'll dolike 2:25
Cuz I have work at 5 tmo :/ but wanna least get to spend and hour or two with youu so like should I be there 2:30? Can meet me right after your home? :p
ya like 2:30 or 2:35 :) takes me like 5 min to walk there
Sound good boo :*
yayyy :D
i never met anyone from online im nervous but excited at the same time if tht makes sense haha :P
Hehe me too boo :* excited and nervous as well more excited tho to give ya some kisses :* on those lips that neck all over ;) :)
:):D
Hehe watcha most excited for? :p
idkkk:">haha
Haha sureee ;)
wht r u most excited bout
Can I ask you tho when was the last time you did anything with a guy boo? Juss wondering lol and to give those lips some kisses and get to eat you all upp hehe told you I like doing that bet you taste goood ;)
uhhh idk like a couple months n yayy ^_^
Hehe yea know you like that ;) soo yesterday you said I was a lot bigger than your ex but by like how much? :p haha I'm curios
haha idk but his was smaller then urs haha
;)
:D
Think you can take sitting facing me on my map riding up and down on that boo?? Hehe :D
Lap*
hahaha ya i think so :Phahaha
Hehe mmm good cuz Ik imma get really hardd and stuff so don't forget to remind me to bring a condom :p or two ;) haha
haha dont forget!i dont wuna do tht if u dont bring one on offense lol
no*
Lol no I understand boo don't want you getting pregnant or anything don't worry :p
my mom would killll me
Ik boo I'll bring it no worrieskk :)
Hehe :)
didnt work
like usual X-(
Ik :/ lol one sec I'll send it on your email boo
kk :)
Okayy was sent tell me what yay think!! Hehe ;)
Ya*
kk h.o
hotttt :);)
haha
Well glad ya like it boo ;) hehe
:)
Have any hott ones of youu I can see boo? :p
i dont think i dooo :(
i told u i got lots of pics on my fb lol
Have you ever sent pics I mean like the one I sent you yesterday? :p
nooo i dont got pic messaging :(
Oh yeahh truee :/ how do you take your pics then boo? Use digital camera?
And I kinda wanted oneee :/ tbh lol
used my friends when i was hangin out w her n my mom took some haha
im sry :(
It's okayy cutie :* :) and I seee I see :p
I'll just get a good look when we hang then ;) :p
yaaaaa
:)
Soo watcha doing now boo?
watchin vids on youtube 
have u ever heard of edbassmaster lmao
Hmm I think so sound familiar lol what's it about?
hes a prankster on youtube hes hillarious!:P
Ohhh that guy :p yeah I've seen some of his vids lol pretty funny :) haha
:P
Any other funny vids?all of his vids r lol
he has like 295787546
hey moms makin me make dinner -_-..ima do tht shower n i got a lil bit of hw but ill be on later!
Aww okay boo I'm gonna be going to the gym to anyways but I'll be on later toMake me some dinner as well :p hehe
hahaha kk :P
Yayy :* you'll get a reward :p hehe alrighty well go make dinner and stuff then boo I'll ttyl I'll be thinking bout ya <3
heyyyy
Heyy you:)
What's uppjus relaxinnn :D u
Funny cuz I just got back home from the gym was bout to check if ya messaged :p how was dinner and all that
real good :D
n haha really?
Yupp lol and well that's goodno its still there
Swear boo on mine it's not showing up lol
I'll send you screenshot lol
I'll send you screenshot lol
i believe u lol
should i try to login n logout
Lol try putting up diff pic or something it looks so weird haha and yeah could try that tooo
tolazy lol
Lol well do the log off thing then :p
kk
it work?
Okayy it's back now lol
haha k
Lol yahoo sucks so much :p
i knoooo
Idk it might just be the app that sucks or something who knows lol soo anyways leave me any dinner boo? :p
hahaha ya ill bring some tomorrow :P
Lol I'm teasing boo don't have to :p watcha make tho spaghetti?yeahh n garlic bread
Mmm Garlic bread well maybe I wouldn't mind some of that :p
Lol :)
haha garlic bread is the best :P
Lol I love ittStill nervous for tmo boo? Lola lil bit lol
It's okayy I am a lil to lol :p
Will be okay tho promise I don't bitehahahaha u seriously make me smile :)
im gettin tired
I try I try boo :) hehe and going to sleep now beautiful?
yaaa
Aww :(
Lol jk jk :p
im sry :(
u can text me tomorrow :)
Well okayy gnight boo I'll message ya in the morning say good morning muahh :* sweet dreams can't wait to see ya
kk :) gnite cant wait to see u either ^_^
:)<3
Heyy youu morningg (: 
Forget bout me? :/ lol :p 
sry my phone was on silent n i forgot i had a quiz today so i been tryin to study for it in my other classes haha 
Lol it's okayy :p 
How'd you do on your quiz?? 
wht u doin 
think i did good :) 
I was jut having breakfast lol and that's good, good job :p what about you what you doing? (: 
sittin in class lol 
Sounds like so much fun :p 
oh it isss -_- haha 
Haha :p 
Soo are u still excited boo? :p 
yaaa :) r u 
But of coursee ;) :) how couldn't I be :p 
I'm out getting that "thing" right now actually :p then gonna go home and shower (: lol 
hehe ^_^ wht thing? 
Hehe You know What I asked you to remind me not to forget :p lol 
ohhhh haha well i guess u didnt forget :P 
Lol not at all :p so watcha wear today boo the skirt maybe? ;) hehe :)) 
noo i forgot but i can change into one when i go home :P 
Mmm i might like that ;) :p hehe 
haha kk i will 
:)) hehe 
wht time r u guna drop me back off 
Hmm well I have work at 5 so prop like 4:00-4:15 ish that good? 
kk ^_^ 
:) btw so did you shave last night? :p hehe 
ya :) 
Yummy hehe :p 
Ughhhhh I'm so so pissed now :/ ... 
y? 
Cuz my manager just called me asked me to come in earlier at 4 instead of 5.. Now if I go I can only see you for like half hour before I have to go :'( I'm so mad boo was so looking forward to today :/ 
we still have a lil time 
Ik boo but wanted to spend it lil more with youu :/ like least hour and Half is your mom working anyother days this week? 
ya but im hangin out w my friends..its ok if we only have a lil time i really wuna see u :) 
Okay boo then you don't have to change ok I'll leave In a bit :) 
And I'm going in my work clothes ok since I have to go straight there after alright hope you don't mind lol 
kk u sure u dont want me to change?it dont take fast lol 
haha idc 
I'm sure boo don't worry save as much time as we can :p :* 
kk ^_^ 
:)) 
im excitedddd :) 
r u on ur way ) 
Yup :) 
R u there boo? 
kk wht time u guna be here 2:30?i jus got outta school 
jus got outta school :) 
i jus got home so ill start walkin now ^_^ u there yet? 
--end