Hey beautiful I see That we obviously don't no each other Lol and I was thinking just mayyybe we could find some crazy way if changing that like actually having a bit of conversation with each other Doesn't sounds liketo crazy an idea am I right? ''
Ok kool.. How old r u
23
It's on my profile btw lol
Oh ok.. I'm 14
Do u have a gf
No I been single since like jan
Nice
But 14 danger wasn't expecting that one lol
Y I'm not a baby lol
But I'm 23 I just don't think you'd be ready for the things I do and places a may go though
For*
Like..
Drinking partying dirt road riding beer pong and some other more pricate things I'm not gonna mention because I'm pretty sure you don't no anything about that ..... yet
I'm not a goody goody u kno.. I've done all that :p
Hmmm like what have you done provately though
Like wut do u mean privately?? Lol
Lol what ya think I mean
Decoy _ Idk I'm not a mind reader
Hmmm I'm slot older though by sex is a bit more advanced you mayyyy not be ready for it lol
Sex is sex
Just cuz ur older doesn't mean it's ne different lol
So you think you could really handle it don't you
Where's Ariton??
Dale country I'm like maybe 30 outside of the abbeville eufuala area
Ooh ic
Yeah you need come hangout sometime soon my friends and yours
Erica....?
Yea maybe
When are you free? Usually and are the parents cool w you hanging out?
Well it's summer so whenever
Idk I just tell my mom I'm going 2 my friends n then do wutever
Oh does your friend drive I'm guessing?
No...
We don't have a car
So how do y'all go places once you get to her house?
Walk..
Or other friends will pick us up?
She has a bf now tho so idk if she will go w me
Well danger that sucks I was looking to come get you some time like next weekend or so
I meant *dang
Lol.. Would u really come n get me?
Yeah you've made me very curious.. I've never hangout w somebody so young before or done anything privately with em either.. So it makes me curious about you lol
Lol ok ^_^
So wut r we gonna doooo
Drink for one and after that well see were things go just all depends on what your down to go out and doooo
I'm down 4 wutever lol
Hmmmm what's all included in that what ever
It's anything! Lol
Wut u bringing 2 drink
Hmmmm what about private activities thou
Lol wut kind r u talking about
what kind are you down for.. you said anything I'm just trying to see if you really mean anything lol
I do
Come on now it's gotta be be something you wouldn't be comfortable doing?
Come on now it's gotta be something you wouldn't be comfortable doing?
Well wut do u have in mind
Drinking maybe riding a few dirt roads movies maybe play pool and some beer pong if you bring a friend with you So we could have teams of two... and I would really enjoy spending aloooooot of time just seeing how much you really can handle sexually because I would enjoy pleasure you alllll night
I think I could handle that ;)
Hmmmm maybe we will see if you can find a friend that's down to come with
What if I cant
I mean you can come by yourself but if your friend doesnt that how are you gonna be able to get out
Just tell my mom I'm going 2 my friends?
What's your number btw though? Beautiful
[decoy number]
What's your number btw though? Beautiful
What's your number btw though? Beautiful
Erica...?
My bad your message didnt show up for a while for some reason but mine is *edited*
Heyyy it's Josh from meet me 
Hi 
So anyway though what all have you done sexually I'm just curious 
Uh.. Well I had sex n stuff? 
What r U wondering about exactly? 
Like you ever had a guy for down on you It have you ever went down on a guy b4 
I went down on my ex bf.. Never had ne1 go down on me tho 
Really well I loveeees too 
Lol oh really 
Yes as long as you shave I don't like a big huge bush down their bu 
t if it's just a bit if hair I can work with that but it's it's lik 
e bald omg I'd sound like 10 minutes eating that thinggg 
Yea I shave 
Well then I'll be tour first for sure.... ' So you think you any 
good at head though ? 
Lol r u sure u wanna do that 2 me? 
Yes as long as I get that in return ' 
Meaning 
I want the same thing I'm giving you 
Ok 
So how about a free sexually pics though..... 
Show me some of photography skills ' 
Free sexually pix?? 
Huh? 
That's wut u said 
I meant a few sexy pics lol my bad 
Oh. Nah I don't send that kind 2 ppl I never met b4 
Sorry 
Not gonna say shit now? ' 
Come babe you gonna meet me for sure and I ant gonna show anybody why would I want other ppl to see something tour sent to me boo That wouldn't make it as special to me then 
No I'm at work calm down chica I work 3 till like 1am and we get very spotty service inside this warehouse But I'm in break for noq 
Now 
Hello....? 
Hey good morning 
Hi 
So what happened last night tour quite texting back 
*your quit 
Yea - I went 2 sleep? 
Ahh I was gonna call you in my last break that's why I texted tour 
So many times 
Oh... Yea I went 2 bed 
Ohhh ok well I cant lie!...... i had a bit of a dream about you last night 
Oh really 
And...? 
Well we were hanging out and you walked I time my room because you were like i never seen it the while time we've been her and I told my body like yo she wants to see my room and I go in their and it's like nice tv tour dresser looks like you had it awhile then bam sex and I'm like in OK then works for meeee lol Then we are going at it and then your friend get's jealous and next thing I no she in the room and is like oh I want mine licked to So now things are getting kinda interesting and then I just look ever and my buddies in the room eating you out while I'm having sex with your friends I go damn how the he'll you sneak in here...... and then wake up lol like what kinda crazy ish is that 
Lol.. wow 
Yeah that's what I was thinking I was like well damn then she Really ment she's down for anything Haha 
Ur funny 
I was just making a joke I already no you would def not be down for all that kinda sex lol 
My friend would not be lol 
Lol Waiiiit So you saying you would??. 
I would not have sex w 2 guys at the same time 
I was.meaning like 2 guys tried girls kinds thing 
Wut? 
I was.meaning like 2 guys 2 girls kinda thing 
No 
Oh So you a one on one person 
Yea 
That's fine with me.....just as long as you can handle it though 
Wut exactly do u think I can't handle 
Just the roughness of It and the the length I'm not a have sec for like 5 min and it's ever kinda person I'm a hr or two kinda person and I like be for dirty sweaty and nasty....that is real sex to me 
Sounds good 
So whats your Fb btw? 
I have 1 but can't add u cuz my mom is my friend on there n would b askin me who u r 
What is it I can just follow you So I won't shoe up as your friends but I can see tour post and if you following me you could see mine but we won't be actually friends it anything 
I can't have followers.. But my name is erica denaro u can look me up 
Why can't your have followers? 
I just don't have it selected? My mom always watches wut I do on there 
Oh well you should make it So I can follow you 
I don't want ppl following me tho.. There's some creepy ass guys that stalk my life 
Oh well damn boo I wanted to be able to follow you though 
Just b happy u have my number! Lol 
Oh many ppl don't get your number easy 
Nope 
Aww I feel So special 
Lol u should 
So wut r u doing this weekend 
You have Skype BTW?? 
Or oovoo? 
Nope 
Why not? 
I wanna video chat with you boo 
I don't have the pw to download apps on my phone.. 
Damn that suckkks why did they put a pw in your phone 
Cuz she's lame n doesn't want me talking 2 boys.. She blocked pix messaging 2 
Wtf really that's gayyy what about thru meet me or fbbbb 
She doesn't care bout fb but I snuck meetme on there 
Ohh well send me some pics thru meet me 
Ur kinda getting irritating! 
How? I mean I just wanna see your beautiful face is all "" 
Just sayin.. I ain't here 2 entertain u all day 
I understand that I'm just asking you to entertain me with a pictures of you is all boo I'll send pics back I mean if ya want 
Wuts ur email 
Joshm0969@gmail.com 
It won't open can you try another?...... And you want me to email you some too? 
Try it again? 
I am it shows like it's loading loads and then it's just a blank screen 
Ahhh. I got it that time Looking all fine and shit 
But what are you up too today though 
Nm.. u? 
Drinking me a beer before Work tonight lol and thinking about youuu 
U get drunk b4 work?? Lol 
Um yess it makes work funnn loo 
Wut kinda job do u have?? Lol 
I'm a machine operator 
Sounds hard but its easy as hell like 
Wow kool 
Yeah I kinda love my job just a bit I just hate it's at night lol And the pay ant the greatest 
Text Messaging 7/26/14
Hey wassup 
Nm.. U? 
Trying to get out to the river but everybody acting like they scared to go today.... lame asses 
Text Messaging 7/27/14
Hey What's up 
Trying to see you today 
Can't I'm w my mom all day 2day 
Dang well shit then what about later.... 
Later when.. Tomorrow? 
Like tonight 
Wut did u wanna do 
I wanna tasttte lol 
Lol wut? 
I said I want a taste 
Wut does that mean 
Tasting you of course 
Tasting wut 
You and that beautiful body of yours and certain parts of it specifically 
Wut about tomorrow 
I Work alll week It'll be the weekend b4 I'm off again 
Oh ok 
That's why I said tonight boo 
Can't.. It's my grammas bday I gotta be there 
Yeah I understand that I guess it's gonna have to be next weekend before we can chill 
Text Messaging 7/29/14
Heyy 
Hi 
So WYd today 
Nm 
Chillin at home.. Maybe go 2 my friends 
The one that let's you leave goes places with you 
Sometimes y 
I was thinking about maybe hangingout with you 
Today? 
Yesss 
Lol oh yea? Wut r we gonna do 
Find some were around Hartford and just all of us just and ride around and drink a minute 
Yea.. My friend is not gonna go with 
N why u wanna hangout w my friend anyway?? 
Well my mom uses my car sometimes and she gonna have it tonight Nd Tomorrow and my friend will ride out and hangoutwith us but he'd at least want your friends around just to talk to you no laugh with all of us 
Oh.. Welp sorry, it would just be me 
Would you be comfortable with my friend being around? 
Nope not really idk who he is 
He's prettying much a light skinned version of me he's black/white 
Oh well maybe next time when it's just you 
He's not gonna try anything it's really gonna be like me and you He'd be like...a cab driver lol 
No.. Sounds weird 
What if we like leave him some were chilling and then it's just us 
for awhile? '' 
Hit me up when it's just you 
What time you going to your friends? 
Not sure 
Hmmm trying to get him to let me use his car to come see you for a bit 
Text Messaging 8/1/14
Hi 
Heyy 
Wyd 
Nothing just got done fishing 
What ya doing boo 
Just chillin 
With your friend 
No? 
Dang I was gonna come hangout with you today after I drop my friend off in dothan 
Why u wanna hang out w my friends again 
No I wanna hangout with you but I no if you at your friends I can just come pic you up boo 
Oh, I could just tell my mom I'm going 2 my friends 
Wut do u wanna do ;) 
What you think babe ' 
Haha I don't read minds! 
Gonna how about this.....I'll show you better than I can tell ya 
Lol yea well I don't like surprises.. I wanna kno wut u have in mind ^_^ 
Me and you and something hot and sweaty 
Ur all talk 
Major you gonna see some action tonight believe that plenty of it 
Well lmk wut u actually wanna do so I kno how long 2 tell my mom I'm gonna b gone for 
Yea of you just talkin prolly lol 
Whenever I head that way I'll tell ya when to like be trying to get away from the house and like maybe till 10 or 1030 
Well when?? 
N where are we going? 
I'll be leaving around 7 So actually probably like 11 or 12 
Where r we gonna go? Just drive around? 
Yeah and hangout boo unless you no some where around d we could maybe go? 
Maybe rec road 
Should I bring anything? 
Like what? 
Idk?? 
What are you thinking about bringing? 
Idk I was just askin 
I didn't even ask my mom yet if I could leave tho 
Ask her if you can leave and go you tour friends before I leave 
She said I gotta stay home 2nite.. But could sleep at my friends 2moro 
Whyyyy '''' 
Cuz she's frickin lame n said I was just there 
Dammit: / 
I knowwww 
Can u come 2moro? 
I'll try but my friend will probably be with me is the problem agai 
n '' and I no you ant gonna hangout if he around 
Wut about Friday? 
I work all weekend that's whining off today and tomorrow's 
:( 
Cannn I plzz just bring him babe it ant like he gonna be involved or locking 
Looking? 
Like we gonna havvve or private time but he ant gonna like around for that or anything ya no what I mean 
Well where r we gonna go for that? 
We r going to drop him off and then have on a litrle alone time and then I'll come I can get him a little later 
Oh ok. Hehe wut did u have in mind ^_^ 
?? 
I can show ty s better then I can tell ya '' 
Blah blah blah 
I'm just saying no use talk when I can show ya 
Blah blah 
Well why don't you show me something 
Wut do u wanna see 
That body boo 
I'm still waiting 4 a pic 
U never sent me 1 back 
What you wanna see 
Lol anything 
Tell meee what you want I told you already 
Surprise me 
Waiting.. 
Your turn 
Lol wow I wasn't expecting that 
Always expect the unexpected nowww were my body pic boo ' 
Get it? 
??? 
I meant like with a little more skin showing boo 
Lol 
Sooo show me something babe 
Told u I don't send dirty pix 
Come on justttt this once boo 
Aren't u gonna come get me later? 
Yesss 
K well around wut time 
? 
Hullo 
Wow ok guess not 
Hello?? 
Hey I'm sorry for not texting back but we got in some trouble with the cops and got fucking arrested before we even left and we got taken down town and everything didn't get away from them rill freaking 11 o'clock they said we fit the description of two guys that robbed some mexican girl 
Erica.....? 
What the hell.. 
That's crazy 
Yeah I no I said the same shit they had to go find somebody that could speak Spanish and then the dude looked at us like we were crazy and finally admitted we didn't no her 
Or him 
Dang that's nuts 
So r u coming here tonight? 
I gotta freaken work Friday annnnnd Saturday this weekend which is 
bs because they Key us off during the week hopefully Sunday 
Aw man that sux 
Now I got nothin 2 do 2nite 
I no it fucking sucks I damn sure had got ready Yesterday to see you for reels I was ready to see you and cuddle you to ya and do some diiiiirty things to ya naked body 
Lol orly 
Damn that sounds fun 
Yess really and He'll yeah it's gonna be very fun I wish you would show me more though 
Yea u wish 
Come on I've showed you me so show me you babe 
Lol.. I didn't ask u 2 show me that! 
I no but I did boo because I trust you to not show everybody like you should trust me not to too 
Ya well I never even met u b4 so idk if I trust u enuf to send u those 
Come on babe I really would like to see that sexy raidient slinder body boo I just wish you would trust me 
Maybe after we meet 
Comme on babe I'm practically begging here '' 
I said no? 
And I even sent you a video 
Yes you said no..... 
That video didn't work either.. Only for like 1 second 
How did it not? It's like 30 secs...... trust and save it to ya phone and then look at it 
I did save it.. Only plays for 1 sec n then the screen turns white 
Same thing 
Idk something wrong with your video player it something 
Idk 
You sure you can't get it....maybe go to you E-mail thru your browser/web and try and play it 
Ok I'll try later 
Butttwhat about but pic babe just thisss one time I wanna see what I'm missing out on 
OMG.. Shut up 
Well damn you fine ass hell Can't blame me for trying 
Lolll well thanks 
You are welcome very much I'm just looking fwd to the day I get to see it face to face form myselfff 
Me 2 
Just hope you have for head relaxed and ready 
Huh? 
I hope you have your head relaxed and ready 
For.. 
? 
Because I'm gonna see justt how good you are at giving head 
Wut if u think I'm bad at it 
I'll be sure to work with and make you great at it '' 
Haha 
Text Messaging 8/4/14
Hey beautiful 
Hi 
Sohow are we doing today cutie '' 
Good.. U? 
You @ work? 
Yes sadly "'' 
Booo 
I nooo I said the same thing "" 
So.. I thought u were off yesterday?? 
Yeah I was but I spend most of yesterday.with my family because they said they don't expect my great aunt to live long so instead of going to the beach for free I went and seen her before she gets in too bad a condition 
Oh 
Yeah things are Blythe looking well at all sadly but idk all we can do is pray and hope for the best 
Sorry ;( 
Me too ' 
So I guess we not gonna meet up soon? 
Yes I've been trying like hell but hopefully next weekend if I don't work Saturday night which h old pretty sure I want then I'll get my friend to take me to see you 
You get my email 
Yea.. wow ;) 
Can't wait lol 
Me either But maybe I can get a little something in return to my 
emmmail '' 
Lol keep dreaming! 
I'm doing it first you babe why can't I get just a sneak peek back also 
Idc lol.. I already told u y I don't send that shit 
Why because you think immaterial show ppl or something 
Who knows. Or I could get in2 trouble.. I still never even met u b4 
Why would I show your pics to ppl I would feel very special to have sexy pics of you for one I wouldn't want anybody to see anyway I mean damn only person I want seeing your body is meeee and plus I've sent you alot of revealing pics of me so I do t want ppl to see mine I sent them to you just for you just like you would do me baby 
I NEVER MET U B4 
N I don't just send that kinda stuff 2 anyone.. Esp guys I never met so quit bugging me 4 them every day.. Damn 
So how was you weekend anyway hopefully you enjoyed it sum Cuzco mine sucked 
Mine was really boring 
Mine was worse than boring I was working 
:( 
Yeah but it's Alright though I gotta work Saturday maybe too but Sunday I'm coming so get to setting g thing up if ya can 
Text Messaging 8/6/14
Hey baby 
Hiii 
How we doing today beautiful I wish toils would have been up I was up like half the night thinking about you idk I started to call you 
Ok.. 
So how was you day though 
It was ok, chilled at my friends 
Oh that's what's up.....you gonna chill with your friend sunday righhhhht 
SHE HAS A BOYFRIEND 
I no that what does that have to do with you chilling with her? 
Ur trying to get her to chill w ur friend 
No I'm trying to make sire you gonna be able to see me Sunday babe 
I can 
Remember the last time though your mom said you've been going their 
too much and that you couldn't go '""" 
Ya well u just worry about u n don't get arrested this time! Lol 
Lol I didn't get arrested technically I got profiled because I'm black and in a car that clack policy commonly drive lol 
Oh 
Lol I didn't get arrested technically I got profiled because I'm black and in a car that black ppl commonly drive so they pretty said two black guys yup that's who did it right their lol 
But you gonna be a naughty girl for me right 
Hahah yea if u want me 2 
Of course I want you too I want you to be very naughty and maybe ev 
en a little camera happy 
Mayyyybe 
Im just saying I'm not camera shy at all ' I like to do things a l 
ittle different that's why I keep saying you just may not be ready 
for what's comming 
Wut kinda things 
Just I get very rough during sex I kinda like to fuck your face and 
make ya deep throat I bite just a bit and I pounds it repeatedly a 
nd when I take it slow I go as deep and as hard as I can loophole t 
o eat vagina esp And I'm very much into videos and recording 
things make it very interesting and fun '' 
I just don't think you maybe able to handle most if that 
Hahah kinda sounds fun 
Wut did u tell ur friend about me 
Nothing really except should him one of your pics because he asked how you looked. And then lied and said you were 17 lol 
Then he was like Yeah her or her friend def couldn't handle me and I'm like nigga cause you old as hell lol 
Oh ok good lol.. Y how old is he? 
Like 28 he normal messes around with girls like 30+ 
Like 28 he normal messes around with girls like 30+ 
Oh ok 
Yeah I'm pretty sure you at defense ready for a guy his age I mean he a grownnn mab 
Man 
Huh?? 
Yeah I'm pretty sure you at ready for a guy his age I mean he a grownnn man 
And you're not? 
I am but he's older with more exp I think you probably can't even handle me let alone him too lol 
Riiiight 
So don't even tell me you think you could? Because I'm pretty surre you def can't 
We'll see I guess right? 
Se what?.... 
See what? I meant 
We will see if I can 
Handle both of us?? 
I thought u were just talking about you 
I thought YOU were saying like the two of us that why Ira's like shit I want you to myself lol Now if you turn out to be interested or something then that'd you but before that I want me and you for damn sure I ant the sharing type unless it's with a nother girl lol 
Because you are mine Nd I want you to be alll mine I really don't wanna even no If you are fucking another guy If you are then don't tell me because I wanna feel like I I got you all to myself at least 
I haven't had sex in a year.. Lol so don't worry 
What a whole Yeats's you talking about you can handle me hahah 
Haha shut up 
I probably won't even be able to stick my shit in their lol 
Has it really been a yr???? 
Yup 
Why so long? And hell why me if you haven't done anything in a yr 
Idk I was sad over my ex but I'm over it now 
Oh what happened with your ex? Is he the only one you ever been with 
He broke up w me. Yea 
WHY? 
Cuz he's a jerk I guess 
I mean he didn't give you a reason How old was he? 
Nope. 17 
Damn man now I'm just a bit scared now though 
Y?? 
Because you've been with just One guy your whole life so idk I don't wanna hurt you or anything thou 
I think I'll be ok 
You suuuuure you gonna be able to handle all of this though 
Lol.. Well idk?? I think so 
Hmmm let me see it and that will tell me alot "" 
Hmmm let me see it and that will tell me alot Really "" 
Nice try 
I was actually being serious though but I get what your thinking lol But if I seen it like you close though it would tell me alot for real by the side lips and by the hole size and all that would tell me if it's gonna probably be painful foe you are not 
But did you and him have sex alot ?... 
OMG.. 
When was the last time YOU had sex?? 
Why did you say omg? 
Because you're getting irritating 
Like june mid june 
I'm just curious as to what I'm getting Into But sou D's Luke it's 
gonna be tight ' 
Y u acting like that's bad then 
That not a bad thing at all I'm just worried it's gonna be too tight and maybe be kinda pain ful for you And if you start hurting I'm pretty sure you not gonna wanna just keep going 
Then y u happy about it? Lol 
Smh u weird 
Because I'm happy that's it's gone be type but scared you gonna make me stop because I no it's probably gonna feel so gooood 
Lol like I said I'm a nasty sex partner so you better be readyyy 
Lol ok I will 
So how often do you play with it though Just curious 
With what 
Psssh what you think I'm talking abouts 
Pssshh 
That pusssy boo is what I'm talking about 
Oh, yea sometimes 
Hmm I bet you sound so loud when you moan huh 
Uh.. No!! Lol my mom would hear me 
Lol you that loud 
Nah 
So wut time u coming out on Sunday? Day or night? 
?? 
Hellooooo'' 
Sup 
Hey?? 
Hey beautiful 
R u still coming out 2moro? 
Yes of course I gotta call my buddy and make sure he gonna leave me the car 
Oh ok kool. Night time right? 
Yes boo 
Like wut time so I kno wut 2 tell my mom 
?? 
Like I'm not sure but maybe like 7 or so 
Ok 
Hi 
Hey beautiful 
Wyd 
Confuseddd 
Y 
Because I got up about 130 today in goshen so yeah I'm verrry confused hungover just lost I would totally put l o l but it ant funny because I'm lost and alone and do t even no who house I'm at 
I really think I'm about to stop drinking 
Uhhh 
So wuts the deal 4 tonight 
I mean if you only knew the drunk hungover stories I have and the crazy shit thats done happened you'd think the same 
Idk I'm here with a White chicken named Emily and some black guy named marcus and they said Josh should be here later on so I'm just her with random ppl waiting in the guy I went out with And I'm still confused 
So r u still coming tonight or no 
No Josh just got here and now I'm finally about to leave to brundidge but he'll that's still not were I need be in Clio and he said he tired from cutting grass and shit today he gonna rest up then drive me home So drunk me fucks up my plans once agai 
Ugh 
Yeah but can we ta .to night or sometimes today I no it ant gonna make you for seeing me face to face but I'd like to here ya voice 
I feel like ur never gonna actually even come 
I swear to you I have ever intention in the world to come see you Do you no how bad I wanna hit that thing boo 
Idk then you woulda came here by now 
I told ya my car is tore up and I'm having to ride with friends and my buddy Tyrone is the only one that would give me a ride up tour way the rest of em gonna say man she got a friend for me when I say no then they gonna say oh nah I ant going then 
Baby? 
So wut now we gotta wait another week? 
Yeah we do sadly unless I get lucky and get a day off with this week 
But I really reallly do wanna see you though I been horny as hell lately 
Just annoying.. You have an excuse every week 
It's not excuses it's just how life is right now it's hard to get around to far especially out were you live because most ppl ant gonna take ya anywhere unless they getting something outta the deal 
So an I gonna get to talk to you today..... 
Prolly not I stayed home since u weren't coming out n my moms home 
You can't talk on the phone in your room when shes home....? 
She can hear me 
She doesn't like you talking on the phone? Why I mean why would she give ya a phone if she ant gonna let ya use it 
Well she doesn't want me talking to guys!! 
I can call you one time when she's not around 
So she expects you to not talk to guys or date guys? Does she want ya to be lesbian or something lol 
OK just let me no when because I'm kinda curious just to hear ya voice and how you sound You probably gotta pretty sexy voice 
Ya but ur older n I don't wanna get in trouble 
She would for sure take my phone away if she found out 
Damn well we def can't have that so I don't wanna take those chances 
So did u hook up w anyone last night? 
No I woke up all alone and Josh told me I feel asleep in the car after we got back to ole girl house and he didnt even no I came in the house till in the morning The chick and her I guess bf and my buddy all went I side to forget thing 
I'm like what does that mean he like she we had sex she asked me to join in said she wanna do something crazy and I'm like Damn well then I don't have a clue about any of that and he said hell nah boy you was wasted drunk 
Hello...? 
K 
But I haven't had sex since we started talking I wanna save it all 
for you so when I cum I'm gonna cum hard ' 
Lol ok 
I'm actually contemplating if I wanna cum in you or not 
Well I don't wanna get preg 
Yeah I don't want you to either put it feels so damn good when you cum inside of a woman esp a tight one 
Hmm 
Well I'm not on the pill 
either 
Ohhh I could cum in your mouth that doesn't sound like a bad option 
Yeah I figured that because yourmoms assuming your not having sex 
Yea 
Do you have bad Fisher reflexes 
I mean *gauge reflexes 
Wut?? 
Do you have bad gag reflex 
Oh.. I dunno. I don't think so? 
Check and see lol 
How? 
Seeing how far you can take it in your throat 
What.. My finger?? 
Yeah or something more penis like like a pickle or banana 
Lol uh no. I'll pass on that 
Lol it make you head amazing every guy just about dreams of a chick that can handle it in their throat that shit feels ammmmmazing 
Why don't u worry about how n when u gonna come n see me or else you'll never find out 
n bam I'm comming and if I happens to get their and you just so hap 
I am coming for damn sure but I got to just wait for the go and the 
pens to be able to take it in ya throat like I'm hoping that's gonn 
a just maximize my sex drive so much I'm gonna be begging to eat yo 
u out ' 
My mouths watering just thinking about the pretty pink thing 
Text Messaging 8/11/14
Hey good morning beautiful 
Hey 
Sorry I fell asleep last night 
I no I was literally up for about an Hey like damn I need a little dirty talk but I never got it from ya because you passed out So I started fantasizing and masturbating 
Lol dork 
Nahhhh I'm just horrrrny lol 
You don't have any days off this week?0 
So what are you up to though. 
?? 
No but they say we off Saturday though '' 
Nice 
Yessss 
Text messaging 8/13/14
Heyyyy 
Heyyy 
Hi 
God I'm just a little excited though '' 
For? 
To finally get to see you I'm about to but outta my pants I can't keep my shit from being hard everytime I get a text from you it just jumps up 
Wait.. R u talking about Saturday? 
Yesss 
Ok ok ^_^ 
R u gonna come daytime or night 
.... 
I mean not like super early probably around 6 or 7 
Oh ok kool 
Can't wait 
You and meee both 
I'm gonna eat that pussy.& beat that thang up till you lose you breath from screaming 
Hiii 
So how are you doing today beautiful 
Ok I guess.. Gotta spend the day w my grandma 
What's wrong with her 
Lol nothing she's just strict 
Oh worse than your mom?? 
Haha yea that's where my mom got it from lol 
Lol I home you don't end you the same lol 
No way 
So we still gotta drop my buddy off or can we like tell me to walk 
away and we in have our fun ' 
Hello 
You never Tex Me back 
Babe....? 
Text Messaging 8/16/14
Heyy good morning 
OMG sorry! I slept at my grammas and I forgot 2 bring my charger 
Oh OK Well I didn't no but what do you think about my question I asked though And Yeah I did miss talking to you last night 
What question 
So we still gotta drop my buddy off or can we like tell him to walk 
away and we have our fun time babe ' 
What's the question 
Do I have to find some where in Hartford to like drop my buddy off at or can we take him with us and then have him give is alone time andhe just go walking thru the woods 
Idk where u would drop him off? 
I don't no either I figured you would 
I only forthright Hartford like to go to PCB it to visit my buddy Richie gracey So Idk were would be a place to leave him or have him drink a beer or something rill we come back 
Ok 
So what do you wanna do babe? 
Idk up 2 u he's ur friend 
So I guess he's coming with us. I don't have a problem with him being around I mean hell I've actually had myself recored by somebody while me and somebody else So Yeah it takes alot to get me uncomfortable 
Erica..??? 
He videotaped u ? 
Lol no not him the chicks gf did Idk why they thought it be a food idea and then even had a portable camera 
Oh 
Yeah So I'm just like not a shy sexual person I'll have sec about anywhere lol it makes it more exciting to me because it's dangerous and just different 
Are you busy or something boo 
Yea I'm shopping w my mom 
Oh sooo when will I be able to talk to you?.. 
I am talking 2 u 
But your not responding to most mymessages that's why I asked I have to send a repeat or a hello like 45 min later before I get a response 
That's cuz I'm not sitting here staring at my phone 
I text when I can 
OK I was just wondering babe and I'm a bit impatient just because I work nights and is pretty busy but during the day I wanna hear from you as much as possible just to talk to ya as much as possible ya no 
Well sorry I jus don't wanna get in trouble u kno 
Yeah last thing you needa do is get in trouble because I gitttt to finally see you saturday 
Woop woop.. Finally! 
? 
Yesss fucking finally 
U at work? 
Yes and hating it butttt tomorrow though in so ready 
Me 2 
I think I should be able to leave after dinner at like 8 
Island you just man not be ready for all this 
Blah blah 
So is 8 gonna be ok? 
Can you make it like 7..... 
Not gonna be home by then.. At my cousin house 
Well maybe we will be 
But my mom said I can for sure go tonight 
At 7 
Ya 
Goood 
Lol I know finally 
R u guys on ur way? 
Yes 
Lol ok jus making sure 
Like how far away r u 
Like outside of Ozark 
I need an address though also 
I live on fields st but my mom is here 
When u get close I will just tell her I'm going 2 my friends n will go across the st n u can pick me up at Hardee's 
The hardees in Hartford? 
Yea 
When should I say I'll b back? 
R u dropping ur friend off first 
Like an get or so maybe 
Well tell me when ur almost here so I can leave 
Almost at hardees 
K kool I'll leave now then 
Wut kinda car so I kno it's u 
Gray grande am 
Oh ok is ur friend w u 
Yes :/ 
Gonna just wait inside lmk when ur here 
Should I order food lol or r u almost here 
--end