Try living in Lompoc. After living in Seoul South Korea for a year and a half and then coming here talk about boredom
lol ok i think u win boredom... im brandy 14 u?
I am Kent, You are only 14??????
yea
As much as I would love to chat, I cannot do that with you. I am super older than you. I am sorry. You are a pretty one.
awe thank you sorry u think ur old :(
Honey, you could be my granddaughter I am 50. Now I have had the company of a girl your age many years ago and risked a lot doing it. But these days people would not look good at us chatting.
who would be watching us chat? lol
I know that no one would be watching us chat. So let's do this if you have a question or need advice about something you can ask me and I will try to answer your question and give you sound ideas and advice. You're a pretty girl and you could have a great future in front of you. To bad you do not drink then we could chat over a cold beer.
lol who says i dont drink?
LOL not me LOL, well if you are ever at my place you can drink
but i dont really like beer love malibu though lol :-)
Malibu rum the coconut one??? I used to drink that in Korea, if you are ever down in Lompoc I will have some for you
lol well ill try to remember that when i feel like taking a walk LOL
i could always pretend to be a taxi lol
haha nice...wait but would i have to pay for a ride???
We could always barter for it, lol, my apartment needs a cleaning ;-)
well im practically cinderella haha dont worry i dont come with mice though haha
No mice but maybe a glass slipper. What part of Santa Maria do you live? Did you go to the fair last weekend?
im near there in orcutt no i live with my sister and no money did u?
Yes I went and saw Kelly Pickler on Saturday. You live with your sister? Tell me about her and if you do not mind why not with your parents?
my sis is cool shes nice idk where my dad is and my mom has issues so i dont live with her all the time like now
IC what grade are you going into when school starts again
10th
Cool How long have you lived there?
ive only been here with my sister for like 2 weeks
IC, Well now that we are chatting I hope you stay there for a long time. Is your sister married or ???
shes preg and has a bf but he doesnt live here at her house
IC what would she say if you went out during the day on na weekend or something like that
Does she keep a tight eye on you???
not really im just kinda here because my mom cant have me there u know? i can take off usually when shes gone and just like leave her a note or whatever
IC I am heading to San Diego this weekend will be back Sunday afternoon about  just to let you know. Man my apartment is really messy. LOL
hahaha but u wont be home so u wont notice its messy lol SD is a nice place
But when I get home I may need someone to come help clean it up
lol and u get home sun?
Yes Sunday about 4:00ish. Do you have another photo besides the one on your post?
yea do u have one?
Yes I do. You are a very pretty sexy girl. I bet the boys are always chasing you.
Do you like to play xbox????
Thank you!!! u have a really nice smile :-) i dont play it a lot just sometimes when i was at my cousins
I am a big first person shooter gamer. So there is you and your sister any other siblings?
nope just us. i like the halo games
Cool I have them all, one of my hobbies is taking still life photos i have been thinking about moving to taking candid shots of people. I would love to do a photo shoot with you
really? i am like scrawny chicken leggs lol
I think you would make a good sexy subject
awwww thank you that is sweet way nicer than my last bf who told me i had the legs of a malnourished chicken... ass hole
He was a fool. I would treat you like a queen
awww thank u
But I am thinking stupid I am a old man and there would be no way that a young pretty girl like you would want to be that close to me
dont be so mean to urself who cares how old u are?
I hope you do not care. I like you. You are a sweet smart pretty girl. I would like to know you more and maybe spend time with you I bet you have a sweet laugh and smile
wow thanks ur too sweet i dont even know what to say :-) but u made me smile
That is a start to a good friendship. It is up to you on how much you want to go. But I would really like to hang with you.
how much i want to go? and if u are this nice in person that would be cool
All I can say is that I respect ladies, they are speIcial people in my book. But I would have to show you in person when you're ready to meet. Oh BTW I am a reeally good cook ;-)
it sounds like u are way more respectful then the guys i know and i love mexican food :-)
The resepect comes with age, I do not make much Mexican but it would be fun trying.
its ok im sure you would be good at whatever. im not really picky i just eat when i can whatever it is
Think about Sunday. If it was not so late I would ask about tonight but it be too late to take you back home
im a night owl lol. ill think about it but u really want me to clean ur house?
That was an excuse but if you did I will pay for your time. You say you're a night owl have you stayed out all night before??
yea its fun u know
I have to catch 0900 train in Santa Barbara tomorrow but I could get you back home early enough. I have wine and beer we can get to know each other more.
I am sorry if I was to forward
omg nooooo i was really hungry and havent eaten today so i was grabbing a tuna sandwich forward doesnt bother me lol id rather know what ur thinking then having someone lie to me u know
it wasnt enchiladas but its what i had lol
WOW I had a tuna sandwich for dinner too :-0 Well the offer is there if you would like to see each other tonight i am here all alone just watching cooking show
that is really sweet and im really bored... what would we do?
Talk, maybe play Halo, have a drink or three, get closer, just let things flow
cool do u have original halo? or a different one? my cousin actually had the original
I have the original computer Halo plus all the XBOX ones. So what is it going to be? I can be up there to get you in about a half hour or so.
i can even bring some stuff for pics if u still want to do that too
Ok all you have to do is say yes come pick me up and then tell me where
ur not an axe murderer? and u really think im sexy?
LOL no I am not an axe murderer and yes I think you are very very sexy
its just been like a really long time since anyone called me sexy and i dont think he even meant it he was just saying it cuz he was my bf and i guess thought he should or whatever to make me feel good but not mean it
That would be so disrespectful. I would not say it if I did not mean it You are very pretty and sexy young lady, and I would be honored to enjoy your company
thank u :-) im sorry i didnt mean it like ei dont believ u i really do i just dont know what to say when people say it and im just trying to make sure i know whats happening cuz i like to know whwat im getting into u know
All I can tell you is that I will treat you with the up most respect and kindness and would not do anything to hurt you or force you to do something you did not want to do
i didnt think u would hurt me but im up for anything that doesnt kill me as long as its fun
That is cool so what will it be my little girl. Do you want to come hang out for the night? Would you be okay spending a fun sexy night with me?
yea that could be cool what should i wear?
A sexy little skirt would be nice but plain old jean would look hot on you. Where would I pick you up at? It will take me about 20 to 30 minutes to get there. Here is my cell number *edited*
May I ask do you like to kiss????
my last bf said i was a great kisser
Ok so girl when and where do I pick you up at????
are u a good kisser?
Yes I think so. Do you want to come find out?
my last bf sucked at it lol so yea it would be nice since u probably know what u are doing :-)
Well girl can you come here tonight?
Ok all I am waiting for is for you to tell me how to contact you and where to pick you up at
i just i dont want to play halo or anything cuzz u know the bf that cant kiss he was always playing with the xbox more than me
That is cool we can entertain each other
doing?
Not sure. I am sure it will be fun. Trust me.
Well
when can u be here? i want to take a shower ive been sweating all day lol
I can be up to Santa Maria in about 20 to 30 minutes. You could always shower here LOL. I just need to know where I can pick you up from.
lol i bet ud like it if i showered there huh?
Yes I would. So do you want me to come get you or not? It is getting later and later.
whos going to take care of my cat?
Can't your sister take care of it for one night???? I would really like your company tonight. If it is too much of a short notice we can plan it for Sunday afternoon
i dont think its too short notice i just want to make sure i wont be bored its a long trip to make u know?
I will try my best to keep you from getting bored.
lol how are you gonna keep me from being bored? i get bored easy
Girl this is really dragging out. I can show you in person better than telling you by email. But it is getting late.  is my limited if I am not on my way to really pick you up then it will have to wait until another day. Please let me know
im sorry but unless i know what im going to be doing i dont know what to say. im down for whatever but i just want to make sure im having fun
would you be up to being intimate and share my bed. If not I understand completely
Well
i think so it definitely sounds fun im just not sure what you mean intimate
Kissing, feeling each other, and sleep together
im not on the pill is that ok?
I have had a vasectomy I cannot make babies.
But this needs to happen soon baby girl.
Do you like to be licked
ive never done that but totally want to
It can happen tonight but we need you here like now
do u want me to shower first? i stilol havent yet
You can do it here. Maybe together but I need to leave now to come get you
*address edited* its on the side of the driveway on the left so u can park there so they dont see us k
Ok baby girl do you have a number I can text or call when I get there
come to the side door so the neighbor doesnt see you
my gma didnt reload my minutes but i have text *edited*
I will be there in about 20 to 30 minutes. I am leaving now short skirt button shirt panties is your choose
I will text you and you can just come out
im so excited cant wait to see u :-)
I am on my way 
:-) 
I am here 
Hello 
im in the bathroom just park in the driveway 
I am parked across the street come out to me 
i just dont want the neighbors to see me in this outfit lol 
Ok 
im finishing my face just come in the side im in the bathroom right there 	
Why Don't come out 
Please hurry 
im not ready yet i only have one eye done lol but i will just a sec 
Ok hurry where is your sister 
no one is home but me so its cool if u want to wait in here 
work 
Ok 
--end